hang right there and he'll stay right
there yeah once you're right pinching
here is the washer and dryer upstairs no
no upstairs just here and then down
stairs and downstairs we gotta clean up
downstairs a mess thank you now
downstairs is a bitch there's the new
kitchen new cabinets a dishwasher do you
recognize all this in an ax and look a
new hole in the wall yeah it's awful
it's awful furniture so Duncan's we did
always work up here did you know you're
sitting on a new couch Anna yeah see
where's Lawrence and reclaim if you like
the couch yelling I'm taking a video
tour
this is this is the old little bedroom /
office this is grandma's old room with
new furniture there's the daddy
and there's the last bedroom and there's
a man Lauren in the backyard